well now I get to show you a totally
different way of cooking rice the
absolute opposite in fact this is a
classic Italian risotto it's called
risotto Milanese and for this one you
start off in a saucepan with some butter
and the other fact you use is bone
marrow and you get bone marrow out of a
marrow bone which you can buy from the
butcher and you can just take it out
with a teaspoon and you need about two
tablespoons for this recipe so that's
butter and bone marrow and then you
soften some onion in it and you use the
traditional spice that's used in Italy
to give it its lovely golden color which
is this spice here
and we haven't looked at this one before
on the series this is in fact saffron
it's the most expensive spice in the
world but you a little goes a long way
this is half a teaspoon full and you buy
it like this in strands and then you
crush it in a pestle and mortar to a
powder rare species flowering crocus
like this until it becomes a fine powder
and then when you've melted your bone
marrow and butter you add the saffron
and when it touches the heat begins to
give you this lovely beautiful aroma as
well as the color then you add the rice
and this is the Italian risotto rice
that we spoke about earlier on the
lovely fact grains of rice that do
release quite a lot of starch and what
we're after this time is the opposite
something instead of being separate
something that's really nice and creamy
that's the way to describe this and once
you've put the rice in like we did
before you stir it around and for
risotto you start off by adding some
white wine about five tablespoons and
after you've added the white white wine
you then stir
so you see it's quite the opposite this
time this time you're going to be
stirring quite a lot then you add some
chicken stock and stir again and then
you leave it on the gentle heat for
about 15 minutes and then you take the
lid off and you add some more chicken
stock give it another stir and go on
like that until all the chicken stock
has been absorbed and it's very
important to have the right flavors the
bone marrow gives it a nice flavor so
does the saffron and it's also important
I think to have a good concentrated
chicken stock as well so stir this time
this time don't leave it alone this time
it actually needs quite a bit of
attention because what we're looking for
is a nice creamy mass not a sticky mass
but a nice creamy moist mass of rice now
all that has been absorbed now the
liquid the next thing you do is you take
turn the heat off take the pan off the
heat and then you add a couple more
ingredients 2 tablespoons of butter and
4 tablespoons of Parmesan cheese and you
just stir those in and so you can
imagine sorry you can't taste but you
can imagine but this is going to have a
lovely buttery cheesy flavor taste it to
check the seasoning and add some more
salt a little bit of salt went in the
beginning add some more salt and some
freshly milled pepper as well before you
serve it